workers/oracle_dwarf/README.md, before:

# oracle_dwarf

DWARF-based alignment oracle for ELF binaries.

## What it does

Reads debug-variant ELF binaries (compiled with `gcc -g`), extracts function-level alignment targets from DWARF metadata, and emits structured verdicts (`ACCEPT`/`WARN`/`REJECT`) with reasons.

See [LOCK.md](LOCK.md) for the v0 scope contract.

## Running via the central API

The oracle is integrated as a router in the main reforge API:

```bash
# From docker/
docker compose up api
```

The oracle endpoint is available at:

```
POST http://localhost:8080/oracle/run
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "optimization_level": "O0"
}
```

This scans all debug-variant binaries at the specified optimization level under `/files/artifacts/synthetic/` and returns per-binary verdicts with function counts.

API docs at: `http://localhost:8080/docs`

## Running tests

```bash
cd workers/oracle_dwarf
pip install -r requirements.txt
pytest tests/ -v
```

Tests compile small C programs on-the-fly with `gcc` and verify invariant properties (valid ranges, non-empty line spans, correct verdicts).

## Package structure

```
oracle_dwarf/
├── __init__.py          # Version constants
├── runner.py            # Top-level orchestration
├── LOCK.md              # v0 scope contract
├── core/
│   ├── elf_reader.py    # ELF validation + metadata
│   ├── dwarf_loader.py  # DWARFInfo + CU iteration
│   ├── function_index.py # Subprogram DIE enumeration + range normalization
│   └── line_mapper.py   # .debug_line intersection + dominant file
├── policy/
│   ├── profile.py       # Support profile descriptor
│   └── verdict.py       # ACCEPT/WARN/REJECT logic
├── io/
│   ├── schema.py        # Pydantic output models
│   └── writer.py        # JSON serialization
└── tests/
    ├── conftest.py       # gcc fixture compilation
    ├── test_gate.py      # Binary-level gate tests
    ├── test_functions.py # Function enumeration invariants
    └── test_linespan.py  # Line span invariants
```

The oracle router is registered in `app/routers/oracle.py` as part of the central reforge API.

Commit message:

feat: Implement core functionality for oracle_ts
- Add normalizer for deterministic text normalization and hashing.
- Create a Tree-sitter C parser wrapper for parsing preprocessed C translation units.
- Define Pydantic models for JSON output schemas, including TU-level reports and function indices.
- Implement a writer to serialize oracle_ts outputs to JSON files.
- Introduce a profile descriptor for oracle_ts with thresholds and parser identity.
- Develop verdict logic for syntactic analysis of parsed functions.
- Create a runner to orchestrate the extraction process from .i files to reports and recipes.
- Add comprehensive tests for function extraction, parsing, and verdict logic.
- Include sample preprocessed C files for testing purposes.
- Establish requirements for dependencies including tree-sitter, pydantic, and fastapi.

workers/oracle_dwarf/README.md, after:

# oracle_dwarf

DWARF-based alignment oracle for ELF binaries.

## What it does

Reads debug-variant ELF binaries (compiled with `gcc -g`), extracts function-level alignment targets from DWARF metadata, and emits structured verdicts (`ACCEPT`/`WARN`/`REJECT`) with reasons.

See [LOCK.md](LOCK.md) for the v0 scope contract.

## Running via the central API

The oracle is integrated as a router in the main reforge API:

```bash
# From docker/
docker compose up api
```

The oracle endpoint is available at:

```
POST http://localhost:8080/oracle/run
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "optimization_level": "O0"
}
```

This scans all debug-variant binaries at the specified optimization level under `/files/artifacts/synthetic/` and returns per-binary verdicts with function counts.

API docs at: `http://localhost:8080/docs`

## Running tests

**Requirements**: Linux environment with GCC (tests require ELF binaries with DWARF debug info)

### Using Docker (recommended):

```bash
cd workers/oracle_dwarf
docker build -t oracle-dwarf-test .
docker run --rm oracle-dwarf-test
```

### On Linux:

```bash
cd workers/oracle_dwarf
pip install -r requirements.txt
pytest tests/ -v
```

Tests compile small C programs on-the-fly with `gcc` and verify invariant properties (valid ranges, non-empty line spans, correct verdicts). 

**Note**: Native Windows is not supported because the oracle requires ELF binaries with DWARF debug info. Windows gcc (MinGW/MSYS2) produces PE executables. Tests will skip automatically with instructions to use Docker.
